You know, they have to give Grandma a heads up, or she will get too mad by that for sure.
Grandma, a lot of people are not marrying these days, and nevertheless, they live a good life.
It's other people's business if they don't get married.
Now that you are married, you've got to take care of each other.
But what if he doesn't want to take care of me?
My granddaughter is a ten.
There's a luck in the way he would not treasure you.
What if he's blind?
What? Is he blind?
No, I know he's been good to me.
Honest, Grandma is my long time-
Bestie trust her grandma's character, which was why I agreed to your marriage in the first place.
Is he?
Let's get a divorce.
I don't care.
Grandma, I love you.
I love you too, my dear granddaughter.
Bye.
Still awake?
How does he know I'm still up?
He's not trying to get me up for work and in a middle of the night, is he?
And Mr. Miller, is there anything I can do for you?
Male superior is knocking on the door of his female sub-born in his room in the middle of the night.
Mr. Miller, you can just say it over the phone without knocking on my door.
Who knocked on your door?
It was not Elias who was knocking.
Mr. Miller, I'll call you back later.
Ginny, I shouldn't have said those things to you last night.
I apologize to you.
Will you talk to Mr. Miller and ask him not to fire me?
I accept your apology, but as Mr. Miller wants you to leave.
No, Ginny, you can change his decision because Mr. Miller is doing all this for you.